# § 1 GENERAL

(1) <sup>1</sup>This official server features a simulated social system based on a predefined textual constitution, establishing a global “Federation of White Tiger”, and extended by player created textual laws - accessible via the Ecopedia (F1) - as part of its concept aiming to introduce a meta-level to Eco. <sup>2</sup>Laws conventionally created by game mechanics (L) are valid in their written intention, even if they don’t have law clauses or when those are not working correctly. <sup>3</sup>If such laws are marked as constitutional they are extending or implementing the textual constitution and can - like the constitution itself - only be altered, repealed or replaced by Game Masters or a constitutional referendum reaching a two thirds majority and a turnout of at least 25% of the number of active players at the end of the referendum.

(2) <sup>1</sup>Disrespecting, insulting or provoking other players may incur a warning and if necessary a temporary mute, in severe cases including verbal bullying and harassment at least a warning and up to a temporary ban. <sup>2</sup>Publishing content determined inappropriate or unlawful by our Game Masters incurs the removal of the content and at least a warning and up to a permanent ban. <sup>3</sup>Violation of our zero tolerance policy on any kind of discrimination, hate speech, sexism, racism and similar offences incurs at least a temporary and up to a permanent ban.

(3) <sup>1</sup>Playing with more than one own account on this server is prohibited and incurs a temporary ban for the main account and a permanent ban for every other used account. <sup>2</sup>Abusing third-party accounts to gain an advantage over other players by either playing with such an account oneself or directing the actions of their not actively playing owners is prohibited and incurs a temporary ban to all involved accounts.

(4) <sup>1</sup>Game Masters are volunteers tasked with addressing emerging issues, assisting governmental institutions in drafting and fixing laws and their decisions, helping players by answering their questions and enforcing the server rules. <sup>2</sup>As long as a constitutional office required for orderly gameplay is unable or unwilling to fulfil its duties, they may act in its capacity. <sup>3</sup>They may take any suitable, necessary and proportionate action to fulfil their duties and issue punishments for rule violations as stated in each rule - in especially minor or major cases they can deviate from the stated punishments at their own discretion. <sup>4</sup>Disobedience to their instructions and unsolicitedly discussing with or being disrespectful to them, especially after or during an administrative action, incurs a warning. <sup>5</sup>Their decisions can be appealed to the Community Manager of Eco.

(5) <sup>1</sup>Warnings are permanent, but may become inactive due to expiration or good conduct, depending on the offence they were issued for. <sup>2</sup>Accumulating multiple active warnings usually entails a temporary ban at three and a permanent ban at five warnings. <sup>3</sup>Temporary bans are typically issued for the remainder of the current cycle, but in special cases may also be issued with a different, shorter or longer period of validity. <sup>4</sup>Bans and warnings issued for violations of these rules only apply to this official server.

# § 2 GAME MECHANICS

(1) <sup>1</sup>Abusing game mechanics, including those specific to this server, in a way not intended by Strange Loop Games to disturb other players ("Griefing'') or to gain an advantage for oneself or a third party over other players (''Exploiting") is prohibited and incurs a warning, in severe cases at least a temporary and up to a permanent ban. <sup>2</sup>Placing crops or oil pumps in vertical layers and using the storage ui to move items over notable horizontal distances beyond the constraints of a single deed or district that is used for personal or public operations are examples of what is considered an exploit.

(2) <sup>1</sup>Players, as well as towns and countries are required to be either direct or indirect citizens, respectively direct or indirect members of the Federation of White Tiger at all times. <sup>2</sup>Violation of this rule incurs a warning, in severe cases a temporary ban, and will entail all measures necessary to restore a game state consistent with its intended goal.

(3) <sup>1</sup>Players may not collaborate by sharing deeds, property or workforce without founding a company subject to a company tax based on the amount of unique specialties chosen by its members with the exact formula being adjustable by Game Masters at any time to ensure its goals are met and to the limitation of only one of its members being able to hold an elected state or federal office. <sup>2</sup>Players are expected to treat all players equally and fairly regardless of their personal relationship and should proactively offer their goods and services to everyone, note the section “Unfair Competition” in Federal Law. <sup>3</sup>Game Masters may conditionally exempt collaboration on separated cultural projects from the company requirement on request, governmental projects are automatically exempt as long as all constitutional requirements are met.   <sup>4</sup>Governmental and private property must be strictly separated at all times and business involving access to private property must be verifiably recorded through contracts. <sup>5</sup>Violation of this rule may incur a warning, in severe cases a temporary ban, and will entail all measures necessary to restore a game state consistent with its intended goal.

(4) <sup>1</sup>Players may not give up and unclaim used deeds. <sup>2</sup>They may also not gift or donate any property when considering or already having decided to leave the server. <sup>3</sup>Players not actively playing may not spend their wealth if that is the main purpose of their login. <sup>4</sup>Violation of this rule may incur a warning, in severe cases a temporary ban, and will entail all measures necessary to restore a game state consistent with its intended goal.

(5) <sup>1</sup>Reputation awarded to deeds, pictures or players manually must comprehensively reflect one’s actual personal opinion about them. <sup>2</sup>It may not be traded, but governments may incentivize players to use their reputation allocation on deeds and pictures and they may also give reasonable reputation to players for (un)desirable behaviour through civics. <sup>3</sup>It may not be abused by attaching defamatory comments to it, by using it as any kind of leverage or for unreasonable organised retaliation. <sup>4</sup>Violation of this rule may incur a warning and will entail the removal of infringing reputation.